add instructions to force rotation (#126435)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references.md

The delay is because App Service caches the values of the Key Vault references and refetches them every 24 hours. Any configuration change to the app causes an app restart and an immediate refetch of all referenced secrets.

> To force rotation of the Key Vault References, make an authenticated POST request to the API endpoint ```https://management.azure.com/[Resurce ID]/config/configreferences/appsettings/refresh?api-version=2022-03-01```

Reviewer: In addition to the below suggestion, I would like to see the cloud endpoint be variable. That can be fixed in a future iteration though. One option might be to show the `az rest` version of this. There is also a portal gesture which does this which we should also capture. Again, that isn't required here - I just wanted to leave this as notes. I would like to see this suggestion integrated though.

```suggestion
To force resolution of your app's Key Vault references, make an authenticated POST request to the API endpoint ```https://management.azure.com/[Resurce ID]/config/configreferences/appsettings/refresh?api-version=2022-03-01```
```

Reviewer 2: @jonathonanderson Please review the comment above.

Author: I would have accepted the changes, but looks like the change was merged in a different commit
